what is going on ladies and gentlemen my
name is Jerrica welcome to ajs top 5
plays I will be your guest commentator
for this episode and we have some pretty
stellar stuff so we're not gonna hold
back let's start off with number 5 cool
story Cal cool story Cal says you know
what screw HD I recording standard death
and I make it sexy with that triple c 40
and he says he's not done yet no he's
gonna get the guy jumping around like a
kangaroo but not after he checks his
corner he sees no one's there so he's
got his predator and who says lightning
doesn't strike twice cuz he's gonna
stand in their face away from the danger
like a balls and then get himself a quad
predator that's right that's one two
three four I can count and we're gonna
move on to number four this is Yugi boy
he's gonna get us a little sniping clip
a six-man quickscoping feed if you guys
want to check it out he gets it off with
a running start he gets a head shot then
this poor chap jumps up and he's like
what's going on guys gets a collateral
from that picks up the fourth there
turns around after hearing someone he
actually misses the quick scope gets the
guy behind him and he cleans up the
final kill with style and number three
we've got a trophy a trophy does things
with the javelin that we can only dream
about sometimes I wake up in the middle
the night my body's all sweat covered
because I had a dream I had a dream that
I started a game just like this a trophy
aiming down his sights of his javelin
locking on and hoping God he's gonna see
someone he doesn't need to cuz he gets
six he gets them all there is not a
single living person anymore there's
nothing for you to snipe but don't you
go anywhere cuz that was just three
number two we've got lists 'ok list ex
showing us how it's done again in
standard def but this time on the pc
he's got that pro mod setting so
everything looks good picks up two kills
he's freaking out gets a nice little
half scope for the third quick scope for
the fourth cleans up the fifth guy there
and then a quick skilled collateral for
the triple feed he is oh man and look at
that text what that's about all you can
say after that our number-one clip
python he's gonna do things with the MSR
that make even God jealous he hits the
first quick scope guy wasn't even
prepared second one right in the chest
third one wild flashed fourth one
couldn't even see him fifth one and six
you thought you could hide you can't
that is six
seven and eight that is an eight-man MSR
feed he's gonna pick up the ninth one
there turn the corner see someone
running that's ten you're not getting
away son 11 11 total now we got a bonus
clip Ridge 727 he's gonna actually trap
someone but yeah I don't think you
expected that trapping them backwards
that takes some serious balls and skill
now he's just gonna call in his UAV or
whatever the hell that was and just
chill out for the rest of the game
anyways if you guys enjoyed please let
me know hit that like button show AJ
some love I love this guy if you want to
send in your clips check them out right
there on the emails provided